hello my name is aw Isom and I'm here to
learn you how to play era this is Jimmy
he's an idiot but don't worry Jimmy by
the time we're done learning you how to
play air hockey you will no longer be an
idiot okay this was not in my gosh this
for now before even thinking about
playing air hockey you must know what to
wear here's the essential equipment
first of all you must need a helmet
now that you have your helmet on you
will now need a random piece of tape on
your arm good job we're almost done
finally you just need something randomly
around your wrist well that was random
you did it good job Jimmy now that you
have all your equipment on you're ready
to start thinking about a nickname
so Jimmy have you decided on a cool
nickname I am the puck pusher now Jimmy
before the next step you must learn how
to pick up that thing in front of you so
go ahead pick up that thing in front of
you know with your hand Jimmy oh alright
Jimmy good job picking up that thing in
front of you now before we find you an
opponent you must learn one last thing
you wanna know what that is whatever you
have to learn how to defend yourself
against a super ultra mega extreme push
of death in air hockey you all know what
it looks like sure bad choice this is
what all right Jimmy well that seems to
be your weakness but must put that aside
for the time being now you'll need to
find an opponent to play a game well
there's no one else here so can you
bring my brother uh well sure why not
all right Jimmy if you really want to do
this you're on are you sure you're ready
oh yeah all right Jimmy you asked for it
bring it on new puck or red puck I'll
take the red knob which red bump the one
that you said was the red one but what
was really the blue one
yeah that's how you do it Jimmy boy no
that's not how you do it you weren't
wearing a helmet and that's why I like
the Red Hook